Add doc about Submit to Evaluation widget (#644)
Sage-Bionetworks/synapseDocs: _articles/evaluation_queues.md

<img style="width: 80%;" src="/assets/images/leaderboard_on_wiki.png">

### Adding Submit to Evaluation Widget

<img style="width: 80%;" src="/assets/images/add_submission_widget.png">

> Aside from directing people to submit to an evaluation queue by navigating to an Synapse Entity, you can also add a `Submit To Evaluation` widget on a wiki page. Here you will get an option of allowing people to submit to evaluation queues of a project or a single evaluation queue.  Currently this is the only way you can submit Synapse `Projects`, but you cannot submit Synapse Docker repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may embed a `Submit To Evaluation` widget on a Wiki page to improve visibility of your Evaluation queue. The widget allows participants to submit to multiple Evaluation queues within a Project or a single Evaluation queue. 

Currently, this Wiki widget is required to submit Synapse Projects to an Evaluation queue. Synapse Docker repositories can not be submitted through this widget.
```

Reviewer: Mostly style updates.

Do my edits preserve the meaning of your intended edits?

> <img style="width: 80%;" src="/assets/images/submit_to_evaluation_widget.png">

Author: Perhaps,  I _think_ these are some of the scenarios where a evaluation queue would be unavailable:

1. User does not have permission to view the evaluation queues
2. The specified challenge doesn't have evaluation queues. 
3. There are no "open" evaluation queues (you can set quotas on time durations on evaluation queues and have them automatically 'close' after some time)

Both of these messages would occur after the creation of his widget though.

> <img style="width: 80%;" src="/assets/images/submit_to_evaluation_widget.png">

Reviewer: In the image you uploaded of the widget - there is a field to enter an "Evaluation Queue unavailable message" and I'm not sure that it is clear that the creator can, or why they would, customize this message. 

The points you listed here might be relevant to be incorporate into "Configuring Leaderboard Widget"

> <img style="width: 80%;" src="/assets/images/submit_to_evaluation_widget.png">

Reviewer: See #755 and #754

<img style="width: 80%;" src="/assets/images/leaderboard_on_wiki.png">

> ### Adding Submit to Evaluation Widget

Author: ```suggestion
### Submit to an Evaluation Queue from a Wiki Page
```
